hello to the channel my class and
pay attention remains 2:39 before
as I am before he is 9 quiet and will be worth it
37 crystals I decided to speed up
construction speed up your transition left
24 minutes before the start of our carpet in this
cafe I decided to go with the queen
and with crossbows that my base was already
on the ninth quiet and there were already new
buildings in general let's speed up this
I have a process of exactly 100 crystals
it remains and I have 9 quiet
I waited a long time is I and I have already
a long time ago my life nothing like that
expected like 9 okay okay overall very
we have a lot of opportunities
let's urgently look very quickly
sculpt base sculpt base in korea
there is still little time left
build with it takes time though
me and 5 builders but still need
very quickly to do in general what we have
two vaults available one vault
gave xero more
1000 gold all ready queen ready
queen instantly 40,000 elixirs bow
and there is no quick we do fence 25 new
first leveler trees no
Here is such a beautiful fence to
build we need to quickly build
what tune without time this bomb
and a couple of balls as many as two balls on the ninth
quiet afige 9 quiet of course dragons
hard to demolish two whole balls there black
so well added what else
let's build a crossbow how many
there cindy he will be done 3 lyams worth
and one more will be available
build in the meantime, let's tower archers
let us build what the sorcerer's tower
run make rdf 1
will let's put a pin fool this
build another rdf extra on
ninth you h4rd corners finally
finally very beautiful symmetrical i
I will be based on the base so two
I still have a builder, let me
gather it collected that meniscus long as whether
helped and another crossbow I put
everything is so much how much I have a construction site 4 construction site
another one more worker is worth
let's go
let's see what we have on base
in whom is available to us
I permit showers than to allow to set
already wondering how so over so
ready such here that I did not expect from
this game
when he has a pain, I thought that
I can put you in a bazooka as you
only built it here and here it is already
ready that is dear friends that's how
only you go to 9 holes 8 quietly
new ligament structures then you arise
You can already sculpt them at the base outside
whatever even you
still intact stronger when you
to build this structure
my case is a crossbow in general, I found
about here it'll stick up like this
symmetrically beautiful will be located
yes my bomb without any problems I have here
there are places to my base balls of course
same to the center
if someone attacks me
a dragon or something in the center will be waiting
surprise two black balls which i still
one lying on the need to pump balls
1000 pir was she was very qualities
balls so it was really
good surprise quiet dragon so
Come queen where I will not hide for now!
fast someone else stick
what is the most important thing
crossbow stood so ugly down
My 10 is located asymmetrically
Fence now decorate your
the main fence here is so frightening
my fence will now look and I
I think in this to us no one will
fall because my fence
really really pumping
on the ninth is quiet and a whole 25 fence on to
I have appeared and will be afraid of it
everybody will be scared so now
it's all see how it looks and yes
By the way than we have a house 8 more quiet already 9 he
still 8 cho for garbage
crossbow is already available and why not
my base let's check what happened
regime change village restored
kay save cho for garbage come on
everything is ready I'm ready on the ninth ready for
War, we are at 9 tons x here and now with
crossbows from the king and yes yes